# Thesis Title: Investigate the Nuclear Membrane Biomechanical Control of Neutrophils Recruitment during Inflammation

Under the situation of tissue damage and infection, neutrophils can be guided
toward the target region by a broad range of chemoattractants including
bacterial products, tissue derived cytokines and leukocyte-released lipid
mediators. Previously, our lab has demonstrated that osmotic-induced cell
swelling regulates neutrophils guidance through nuclear membrane
tension-induced recruitment of cytosolic phospholipase (cpla2), which initiates
the production and secretion of inflammatory lipid mediators (Eicosinoid
acids). In the first part of my proposal, I am going to investigate the
molecular details of nuclear membrane-stretch induced cpla2 binding. We
simplify our system by incubating cpla2 and other related enzymes with
artificially reconstituted lipid bilayers in hypotonic solutions and compare
their binding profiles using microscopic time lapse imaging. In the second part
of my proposal, I am going to investigate the pysiological significance of
tension-induced cpla2 membrane binding. Aside from tissue damage-induced
osmotic cell swelling, leukocytes extravasation and migration through confined
extracellular space can potentially lead to increase of nuclear  membrane
tension. Therefore, we hypothesize that in addition to the lipid mediators
provided by osmotically swelling damage cells, neutrophils can also recruit
other neutrophils through stretch-induced cpla2 activation, which creates
a positive-feedback loop to amplify the response. In order to test this
hypothesis, we will design microfluidic cell chamber and apply cellular
confinements on neutrophils and test whether this will increase recruitments of
other neutrophils. Ultimately, we will use intravital imaging in zebrafish
model to examine the in vivo relevance of insights gained from artificial
liposomes and cell culture models. Through the integration of multilevel
approaches, our work will demonstrate nuclear membrane mechano-sensing can
mediate innate immune response and leukocytes recruitment during conditions of
tissue damage and infections.
